The Joe Rogan experience. Do you think that Bernie's too left?
Do you think he's still for a lot of the country? Yes.
Do you think that's the media.
Ask the wrong question? Yeah. The media asks and there's a debate tonight.
The media asks the wrong question, which is what would you do?
This is a question that only makes sense. If you're running for king,
the question should not be, what would you do?
The question is what can you get through?
What can you propose that Mitch McConnell will not either block
or you can override with votes, cuz that's a very different discussion. Mm.
What Bernie Sanders wants to do.
We shouldn't even be talking about cuz it's not going to happen. The free.
Education. Yes. Came back student loan, debt.
Medicare for all Medicare, for all, you know,
all these possible all as long as the,
unless the Republicans self deport.
Even if the Democrat wins the election,
there's still gonna be half the country that's de Republican and half the
Congress is gonna be re and this just,
and a lot of Democrats are not for this stuff. You know,
when the Democrats took over the house in 2018,
it was moderate Democrats who won their elections. It wasn't the, the far left.
So.
So you get four years of spinning your wheel in the mud.
You get well hoping to get some traction. Yeah.
Even if he gets in again.
It's what can get through Congress. What can you get a consensus on? What,
what can you make possible Obama? When he did healthcare said, yes.
If we were starting from scratch,
it would make sense to go for a single payer system.
But we're not starting from scratch.
We're starting from a system where most people already have of health insurance
through their employer. It's a crazy story. How that happened.
It was world war II and they couldn't raise wages cuz that was the law.
So they had to find a way to give employers something else.
So they gave them health insurance, but that's what we have now.
And a lot of people like it or say they like it.
I don't think a lot of people like arguing with their insurance come,
but they're afraid of something worse. And I don't blame them. You know,
if you're gonna tell me the government and I'm a Democrat,
but if you're gonna tell me the government is gonna smoothly handle taking over
something that large, I am gonna be a little skeptical.
Well, it should be. They don't smoothly handle anything. There's no evidence.
They smoothly handle anything. Right.
Other than maybe delivering the news well are delivering, uh, the mail.
Look again as an old school, progressive.
When you go down the list of things that the progressives have accomplished,
especially in my lifetime, I, I cheer them all social security.
Well that wasn't my lifetime, but they improved it in my lifetime.
Medicare Medicaid. These are great programs. I mean, before social,
the senior poverty rate was like in the 28% or something.
And then it went down below 10. It was a success.
But when you look at what the government really what their big successes have
amounted to it's passing out money. That very often they don't have.
That's what they're really good at running a giant healthcare
system.
Especially when the politicians who are proposing these systems will not a
talk enough about, we gotta cap the gouging.
You can't pass out all this money with, if you're, if you're gonna allow people,
hospitals, pharmaceutical companies to charge char, anything they want.
When the price of an EpiPen can go up from $12 to 1200 overnight,
that just can't happen.
And also they don't ask the people to lift a finger,
to take care of their own health nobody's healthcare systems gonna work.
Unless you involve people have some sink skin in the game.
You can't like not tell the people, look,
you can't keep eating as much as you want.
And as of food as you want and expect us to cover the bill. You just can't.
That is not something that anybody wants to hear though.
I know because I did that editorial. And, and then I know.
I remember that people got.
Upset at you. Well, people here's the story. People did not.
People loved it until James Cordin said something.
Oh, that's right. He had that whole, first of all, he did that.
And in doing that made fat jokes.
Which was which I did not by the way, Jesus. Yeah. My mine talked about obesity,
cheap.
On it. Morbid people look, morbidly.
Obese people. First of all,
he missed a great opportunity to literally save lives.
If he had taken the opposite approach, he took the, the easy way out.
Of course you can always get applause for saying, oh,
let's let's boo. The mean who's told the truth. That's not brave. Um,
first of all,
my point was a that you can't solve healthcare unless you
ask the people to participate in that. That was one.
And also that we've gone to this place where
we're proud of it.
We're proud of being unhealthy weight Watchers had to take the name,
weight and Watchers outta their title.
It's WW. Now it.
It's like we, what it see <laugh> being fat.
Isn't bad. What's bad. Is someone pointing out that fat is bad.
But I mean, I read the statistic in that editorial,
40,000 people a month,
a month die from obesity.
That's a crazy number. That is a crazy number.
We have to somehow reverse this idea that we have in this country.
Not just about obesity, but about a lot of things where I'm perfect,
the way I am. Hmm.
I am just birth the way I am. And if you say different,
you're a very bad person. That's not a good place to be.
It's not healthy for anybody. It's you're, you're protecting people's emotions,
but shielding them from a possible right moment that might
make them realize that they are eating themselves to death.
And right. I mean, look, I said it also in the piece,
Beau's in the eye of the beholder. That's fine. Whatever you think is beautiful,
that's your deal. But health is science. Yeah. That's science.
And when we get apoplectic, we,
and there's 50 deaths from shootings or something a month.
Yeah. It's very bad. And we should be serious about that problem.
But 50 versus 40,000 every month.
And that's just what they're counting from. The big ones, cancer, diabetes,
and heart disease.
There's literally nothing about your health that is improved by being
overweight. So, you know, I said, we, we shouldn't taut people,
but you know, compare it to anything else.
I also owned up to the fact that I used to drink too much and I smoked,
but I didn't defend it. When someone said, you know,
you went kind of hard last night with the drinking. I didn't,
how dare you drunk. Shame me. Well, the weird thing said, you're right. I.
Did the weird thing about cord too is he's not that fat.
Like he could fix that in a couple of months. That's not that.
Hard. No, he took his, it was a, it was opportunistic.
And IM I felt like that too. Yeah. He could have,
he literally lost an opportunity to save lives because as someone who does
struggle with weight, he could have taken the opposite approach and said,
you know, he, bill makes a really good point and um,
we should, we should look at how we are dealing with this. I,
I noticed Jillian Michaels, the fitness expert took a lot of.
For Lizzo.
For Lizzo. Yeah. And you know, if,
if you wanna be whatever weight you want to be, that's fine.
But it's wrong to shame a fitness expert for saying this isn't healthy. Well,
it gets even crazy. She said,
it's not gonna be that amazing when she gets diabetes.
Yeah. And people want none. Diabetes has nothing to do with weight. Uh.
Diabetes has for sure everything to do with it for sure. It does also, they,
they, they lie. They say things like, well, it's the fat gene it's there.
You know, there's not a, it's not that. Or here's another one. And look,
this is valid. It's valid that in this country, it is a lot harder to eat.
Right? If you are poor. Yes.
And we should totally address that. Yes. Doubt if it's on any candidates,
top 10 list.
But the way the food situation and subsidies are done in this country is
horrible.
But given that let's not just throw up our hands and say,
we're the can't do country. And because it's harder,
let's not even try. Yes. It is harder to eat right. On a budget.
But I'll tell you something, something you never need to have with your food.
So soda, which is a large part of it. Okay. And you'll save money.
You don't have to have soda. You don't have to have a Snickers bar,
a banana's 19 cents. So it's Unimpossible.
Adele got recently because she got.
Skinny. Yes. Because she got healthier.
That's was also a part of my thing was fit shaming, not fat shaming.
People go eat something, eat something. I'm fine. What,
so you can feel better about your weight problem.
I should eat and get fat too. Well when.
Heavy will have a fan or have someone that they're a fan of,
that's also heavy, like James Gordon, like, so he's heavy.
He's got people in the audience that love him and they love him standing up for
other heavy people. Yeah. We're fine. We're fine. He's one of us. We're fine.
I think they felt like that with Adele. Adele was this fantastic singer,
super talented, extremely popular and overweight. Like, yeah,
it's fine. It's fine. I'm like Adele, everyone's fine. It wasn't.
But then she loses weight.
Like you feel like she's betraying you because one of the reasons why I liked
you is cuz you're fat now you're not fat anymore.
It wasn't that long ago that we were applauding people when they lost weight.
Yeah. I remember when, remember when Oprah came him out that time where she was,
oh, this was like in the eighties I think. But she had lost a whole bunch of,
well, there's a picture. You, it's a very famous picture. I think she's,
she's like in jeans and she's got a, like really thin waist and you know,
she was raising her hands and triumph and everyone was applauding.
I guess that's bad now because again,
and you have to be perfect the way you are. And if you criticize that,
then you're a bad person.